[shopsys] Migration from IvoryCKEditorBundle to FOSCKEditorBundle (#1072)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/upgrade/UPGRADE-v8.0.0.md

    In case of extending one of these classes, you should add an `EntityNameResolver` to a constructor and use it in a `create()` method to resolve correct class to return.
- run `php phing standards-fix` so all nullable values will be now defined using nullability (?) symbol ([#1010](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1010))

> - change `IvoryCKEditorBundle` into `FOSCKEditorBundle` ([#1072](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1072))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- replace `IvoryCKEditorBundle` with `FOSCKEditorBundle` ([#1072](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/1072))
```

>     - replace the registration instance of the bundle in `app/AppKernel`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - replace the registration of the bundle in `app/AppKernel`
```

        ```diff
        - new Ivory\CKEditorBundle\IvoryCKEditorBundle(), // has to be loaded after FrameworkBundle and TwigBundle
        + new FOS\CKEditorBundle\FOSCKEditorBundle(), // has to be loaded after FrameworkBundle and TwigBundle
        ```

>     - replace the name of the `app/config/packages/ivory_ck_editor.yml` into `app/config/packages/fos_ck_editor.yml` and its content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - rename `app/config/packages/ivory_ck_editor.yml` to `app/config/packages/fos_ck_editor.yml` and change the root key in its content
```

        ```diff
        - ivory_ck_editor:
        + fos_ck_editor:
        ```
    - change the package in `composer.json`
        ```diff
        - "egeloen/ckeditor-bundle": "^4.0.6",
        + "friendsofsymfony/ckeditor-bundle": "^2.1",
        ```

>     - update all usages of old bundle in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - update all usages of the old bundle in
```
